0:00 Yo, what's going on, Greg? This is a project that's been on pause for a while. The client basically went MIA for two months, which is built to scale.
0:09 So, we have the actual onboarding call, the project brief, and then the mirror board here as well. Let me just open this mirror board up so you can see it.
0:20 So, we have all of the kind of initial assets that are needed to get this thing going. So, built out the mirror board is actually already approved, which is good.
0:28 What we're waiting for right now is access to all of the client's software. Where is it built to scale? So, I just sent them this message today.
0:39 We're still waiting on make, N-A-D-N, uh, Drive, uh, access. We just got BigQuery, which I'll talk about in a second, and then all of their API keys for the actual, AI software.
0:49 So, I have the over here on the, uh, left-hand side. I have all the scope pulled up. It's pretty simple.
0:56 We basically want to be able to collect and analyze data from all of their different, uh, ad platforms, which is primarily YouTube, uh, but also Google and Facebook as well.
1:10 Be able to extract all of the, Data, and then basically generate reports every single week. And these are gonna be two types of reports.
1:18 We're gonna have a high-level, kind of executive summary with only actionable insights, and then we have the, uh, kind of more in-depth reports that will be shared internally.
1:27 So, just to show you what we've been doing up until this point, this is for a different client that we're working with in the e-commerce space, but this would be, It would an example of kind of the longer form report, where we have all of the performance metrics broken down by campaign, and this is only
1:45 for Facebook. We then go into the actual kind of health scores for every single campaign. We go into portfolio health distribution, final performance analysis, strategic recommendations, and then we break that down also on an ad-set level, and then, and on an ad-creative level as well.
2:05 So this would be an example of the in-depth internal report that needs to be generated. Uh, we can work through together what we want the high-level executive summary to be, but no client is going to look through all of this information.
2:20 So really what I think we should do is have a high-level campaign, And paint analysis, high-level ad-set analysis, and then basically call out the top two winning creatives, uhm, for each platform, broken down by meta and then by Google, and the two least performing ones that we're going to be turning
2:39 those off and then have some very, very high-level insights. Um, that's really it. We're not going to be doing, uh, it'll actually generate new kind of, uh, creative strategies, so like, angles, configurations, and optimizations based on all the data.
2:55 What we're not going to be doing is any new copy on the back end. That's having this client elected to not go with.
3:02 Um, so right now we have their BigQuery stuff. This is inside of a Google Cloud console. This is where they're doing all of their data and analytics right now.
3:13 Um, so if you want to go in here and kind of play around with this, this is a little bit more kind of foreign territory for me, so to speak.
3:22 I believe everything should be in here. I might be looking in the wrong spot. Uh, but let me know. They just finally shared us access to the built-to-scale project.
3:32 So take a look in here. Let me know if you're missing anything else. Um, but yeah, that's basically the scope.
3:37 Again, we have the mural board actually finalized and approved by the client. So this, alongside the project brief, should be super valuable for you to start building this thing out.
3:48 Uh, we really don't need to do any fine-tuning here at all. This can be ragged. That's totally fine. But follow this.
3:53 Um, again, kind of phase one, compile data, phase two, analysis, and then, you know, we have all these, Again, client executive summary, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
4:04 Pretty much what I just said for each individual platform, and then, uh, we're gonna have the, uh, kind of long form, report being generated as well.
4:14 So, any questions on this? Let me know. Obviously happy to get on a call and discuss. Um, again, we still don't have all of the, you know, logins for what we need for this client, but we do need to get this thing moving, and off our plate sooner rather than later, so I wanna drop you this quick loom 
4:28 video. Umm, kinda give you some context as to where we're at.